Fix for translating light curves as LightCurve objects rather than Tables (#194)
spacetelescope/lcviz: CHANGES.rst

* Fixes the case of setting original phase-viewer limits of a non-selected ephemeris component [#188]

> * Fix for ``lighkurve.LightCurve`` glue data translators, workaround warnings raised by ``spectral_cube``,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix for ``lightkurve.LightCurve`` glue data translators introduced by glue-astronomy 0.12, workaround warnings raised by ``spectral_cube``,
```
